you
hello everyone I just got back from the
American girls store where I purchased
another truly need doll
the new truly me collection consists of
40 different dolls each doll is unique
in her own way from the shape of her
face to her skin tone to her hair and
eye color this allows you to choose your
dolls features which is super fun once
you have chosen a doll you can create
her personality and interests you can
also select all accessories and clothing
to make her whoever you want her to be
you're creating your best friend that
you can hang it with all the time which
is a pretty awesome and fun thing to do
the doll a jozin is doll number 56 from
the truly me collection and she is super
cute I also picked up some awesome pets
clothing and accessories for the doll
doll number 56 is 18 inches tall with
blue eyes she has light skin tone with
freckles and curly blond hair
tada
every would meet Alan I love her
freckles and her bright blue eyes she
looks very fashionable in her truly me
outfit which consists of a lilac dress
with a sparkly waistband and sequin mesh
accents cotton underwear and turquoise
shoes each truly me doll comes with a
truly me activity which has dozens of
idea cards for creative play with your
dog you can build your self-confidence
get advice on friendship new recipes
crafts and quizzes with your doll and so
much more
you will definitely have hours of
enjoyment with this activity box my
favorite so far was making the party
balloons
now I can introduce you to Ellen's world
Alan is kind loving and generous she is
a very funny girl and loves to make
people laugh she wants to be a comedian
/ TV host when she grows up Ellen loves
to spend time learning about ways to
help the planet she encourages people to
think about how they affect the
environment in everyday life and what
small things they can do to make a big
difference such as recycling newspaper
planting trees
brushing your teeth out running water
and those are just a few she rises to
the challenge every time her motto is
let's try to beat that so watch our
videos to see what Ellen does to make
our world a better place
Allen loves love's loves to tweet she's
a tweeter girl and her friends call her
the Tweety Bird she also enjoys hanging
out with her BFFs Taylor or swifty as
Ellen likes to call her and Olivia
when she is not hanging out with her
friends Ellen spends time with her three
fabulous pets
both is the playful white Westie puppy
with soft fur and a body that can be
posed in different positions he also has
a favorite toy bone that he likes to
carry around a lot
wolf wears the fashionable spiky collar
and leash set it's a pretty cool pet
accessory with its soft spikes two-tone
marble collar that has a star and logo
term on it and a red webbed leash it has
a loop that fits over a doll's hand
and then there is Charlie a handsome
Himalayan king he has soft fur opposable
body and a magnet in his mode that lets
him hold his favorite toy
Charlie has his own perfect personality
and we can't forget about adorable daizy
the dog she is a border collie mix with
a plush body fluffy black and white fur
and she comes with an attached blue
leash
she loves to sleep in her dreamy Daisy
pet bed which has a daisy shaped
mattress with a colorful plaid pattern
and a round green pillow with butterfly
embroidery to rest her head on Ellen
loves her pets to be comfy cozy when
they sleep
I love love love Ellen did I mention I
love Ellen one very cool thing just
happened
Ellen got her own show it's gonna be
called a lien on the air she will have
special guests go on crazy fun
adventures and have surprise giveaways
here's a few preview pictures of the
Ellen on the air show
I love love love Ellen did I mention I
love Ellen Ellen now needs to stalk her
wardrobe with new clothes for her show
for the first outfit I've put together a
wool blend blazer and a long-sleeve
white shirt with a pretty gathered
neckline from the fancy riding outfit
white capris that were sold separately
and the navy blue ballet flat shoes from
the coconut fun outfit this has a
fabulous professional look on Ellen
for the second out that I have chosen a
white sleeveless polo shirt with a pale
blue trim on the collar a pale pink
table knit vest with dark pink trim and
blue and white shoes with blue fringes
on the front these items are from the
tennis and golf set I have also added
the logo jeans and the AG sports watch
which are both sold separately
I have also added the recess ready
outfit which is an amazing outfit and
one of my favorites so let's have a look
it has a shimmery French terry dress
that's printed with polka dots
cropped leggings
high-top silver sneakers
and a lightweight choral scarf with
silver colorful edgings and tassels
I love love love Ellen did I mention I
love Ellen
thanks for watching Ellen's world and
make sure you subscribe to American Girl
Spirit YouTube channel for up-and-coming
Ellen on the air shows oh and one last
thing stay connected for a chance to win
one of Ellen's surprise giveaways see
you soon